README.md, before:

<img src="Tahoe.png" alt="Tahoe" align="right" /> MacTahoe GTK Theme
======

A macOS Tahoe like theme for Linux GTK Desktops

Based on WhiteSur GTK Theme:
[https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme](https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme)







### screenshot
<p align="center"> <img src="screenshot01.jpeg"/> </p>

## Donate

If you like my project, you can buy me a coffee, many thanks ❤️ !

<span class="paypal"><a href="https://www.paypal.me/vinceliuice" title="Donate to this project using Paypal"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/webstatic/mktg/Logo/pp-logo-100px.png" alt="PayPal donate button" /></a></span>

# Installation is easy!
<details> <summary> Required dependencies <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

### "Install from source" deps
- sassc
- libglib2.0-dev-bin     `ubuntu 20.04`
- libglib2.0-dev         `ubuntu 18.04` `debian 10.03` `linux mint 19`
- libxml2-utils          `ubuntu 18.04` `debian 10.03` `linux mint 19`
- glib2-devel            `Fedora` `Redhat`

### Misc deps
- imagemagick            `(optional for GDM theme tweak)`
- dialog                 `(optional for installation in dialog mode)`
- optipng                `(optional for asset rendering)`
- inkscape               `(optional for asset rendering)`

Don't worry, MacTahoe installer already provides all of those dependencies.
</details>

<details> <summary> Recommended GNOME Shell extensions <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

- [user-themes](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/19/user-themes/) to enable gnome-shell theme (and not just the application theme)
- [dash-to-dock](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/307/dash-to-dock)
- [blur-my-shell](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/3193/blur-my-shell)

</details>

## Quick install

### Installing from source

1. Run `git clone https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme.git --depth=1`

2. Run `./install.sh` to install the default MacTahoe GTK theme pack.

### Uninstall

- uninstall Gtk themes: `./install.sh -r`
- uninstall GDM theme: `sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -r`
- uninstall Firefox theme: `./tweaks.sh -f -r`
- uninstall Flatpak Gtk themes: `./tweaks.sh -F -r`

## There's so many customizations you can do!
Usage:  `./install.sh [OPTIONS...]`

<details> <summary> Options <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

```bash

OPTIONS:
  -d, --dest DIR
   Set destination directory. Default is '/home/[USER_NAME]/.themes'

  -n, --name NAME
   Set theme name. Default is 'MacTahoe'

  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]
   Set theme opacity variants. Repeatable. Default is all variants

  -c, --color [light|dark]
   Set theme color variants. Repeatable. Default is all variants

  -a, --alt [normal|alt|all]
   Set window control buttons variant. Repeatable. Default is 'normal'

  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey|all]
   Set theme accent color. Repeatable. Default is Tahoe-like theme

  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]
   Set theme colorscheme style. Repeatable. Default is 'standard'

  -b, --blur 
   Install blur verison (more transparent). Blur-my-shell extension required

  -l, --libadwaita 
   Install theme into gtk4.0 config for libadwaita. Default is dark version

  -f, --fixed 
   Install fixed accent color version. Default is adaptive version

  -HD, --highdefinition 
   Set to High Definition size. Default is laptop size

  --shell, --gnomeshell 
   Tweaks for gnome-shell. Options:

     1. -i, -icon [apple|simple|gnome|ubuntu|tux|arch|manjaro|fedora|debian|void|opensuse|popos|mxlinux|zorin|budgie|gentoo]
     Set gnome-shell panel 'Activities' icon. Default is 'standard'

     2. -p, -panelopacity [default|30|45|60|75]
     Set gnome-shell panel transparency. Default is 15%

     3. -h, -panelheight [default|smaller|bigger]
     Set gnome-shell panel height size. Default is 32px

     4. -sf, -smallerfont 
     Set gnome-shell font size to smaller (10pt). Default is 11pt

     5. normal, -normal 
     Set gnome-shell show apps button style to normal. Default is macOS icon

  --round, --roundedmaxwindow 
   Set maximized window to rounded. Default is square

  --darker, --darkercolor 
   Install darker 'MacTahoe' dark themes. 

  --silent-mode 
   Meant for developers: ignore any confirm prompt and params become more strict. 

  -r, --remove, -u, --uninstall 
   Remove all installed MacTahoe themes. 

  -h, --help 
   Show this help. 

```

</details>

## Fix for libadwaita (not perfect)

<details> <summary> Details <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

  Since the release of `Gnome 43.0`, more and more built-in apps use `libadwaita` now, and libadwaita does not support custom themes, which means we cannot change the appearance of app using libadwaita through `gnome-tweaks` or `dconf-editor`. For users who love custom themes, it’s really sucks!

  Anyway if anybody who still want to custom themes we can only do this way:

  that is to use the `theme file` to overwrite the `gtk-4.0 configuration file`. The result is that only Fixed making all gtk4 apps use one theme and cannot be switched (even can not switch to dark mode) If you want to change a theme, you can only re-overwrite the `gtk-4.0 configuration file` with a new theme, I know this method is not perfect, But at the moment it is only possible to continue using themes for libadwaita's apps ...

</details>

Run this command to install `MacTahoe` into `gtk-4.0 configuration folder` ($HOME/.config/gtk-4.0)

```bash
./install.sh -l                # Default is the normal dark theme
./install.sh -l -c light       # install light theme for libadwaita
```

## <p align="center"> <b> Change theme color and accent </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/colors-themes.png"/> </p>

#### - Install theme accent
Parameter: `--theme` `-t` (repeatable)

Example:

```bash
./install.sh -t red            # install red theme accent only
./install.sh -t red -t green   # install red and green theme accents
./install.sh -t all            # install all available theme accents
```

## <p align="center"> <b> Blur my shell version </b> </p>

#### - My blur-my-shell settings

<p align="center"> <img src="blur-my-shell.png"/> </p>

#### - Install blur-my-shell version

[blur-my-shell](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/3193/blur-my-shell)

Parameter: `--blur` `-b` (repeatable)

Example:

```bash
./install.sh -b -l            # install blur verison of libadwaita
```

<p align="center"> <img src="screenshot02.jpeg"/> </p>

## <p align="center"> <b> Explore more customization features! </b> </p>
You can run `./install.sh -h` to explore more customization features we have
like changing panel opacity, theme opacity (normal and solid variant), window
control button variant, etc.

# <p align="center"> <b> Let's tweak! </b> </p>
Usage:  `./tweaks.sh [OPTIONS...]`

<details> <summary> Options <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

```bash

OPTIONS:
  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme opacity variants. Default is 'normal'

  -c, --color [light|dark]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme color variants. Default is 'light'

  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme accent color. Default is BigSur-like theme

  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme colorscheme style. Default is 'standard'

   
 Tweaks for GDM theme. options

  -g, --gdm    Without options default GDM theme will install... 

      1. -i, -icon [apple|simple|gnome|ubuntu|tux|arch|manjaro|fedora|debian|void|opensuse|popos|mxlinux|zorin|budgie|gentoo]   Set GDM panel 'Activities' icon Default is 'standard'

      2. -b, -background [default|blank|IMAGE_PATH]   Set GDM background image Default is BigSur-like wallpaper

      3. -p, -panelopacity [default|30|45|60|75]   Set GDM panel transparency Default is 15%

      4. -h, -panelheight [default|smaller|bigger]   Set GDM panel height size Default is 32px

      5. -sf, -smallerfont    Set GDM font size to smaller (10pt) Default is 11pt

      6. -nd, -nodarken    Don't darken 'MacTahoe' GDM theme background image 

      7. -nb, -noblur    Don't blur 'MacTahoe' GDM theme background image 

   
 Tweaks for firefox. options

  -f, --firefox         [(monterey|flat)|alt|(darker|adaptive)]   Without options default MacTahoe theme will install...   Options:

      1. monterey       [3+3|3+4|3+5|4+3|4+4|4+5|5+3|5+4|5+5]   Topbar buttons number: 'a+b'   a: left side buttons number, b: right side buttons number

      2. flat           Monterey alt version    Flat round tabs...

      3. alt            Alt windows button version    Alt windows button style like gtk theme

      4. darker         Darker Firefox theme version    Darker Firefox theme version

      5. nord           Nord Firefox colorscheme version    Nord Firefox colorscheme version

      6. adaptive       Adaptive color version   You need install adaptive-tab-bar-colour plugin first   https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/adaptive-tab-bar-colour/

  -e, --edit-firefox [(monterey|flat)|alt|(darker|adaptive)]
   Edit 'MacTahoe' theme for Firefox settings and also connect the theme to the current Firefox profiles. 

   
 Others. options

  -F, --flatpak Support options: [-o, -c, -t...]   Connect 'MacTahoe' theme to Flatpak Without options will only install default themes

      1.  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme opacity variants Default is 'normal'

      2.  -c, --color [Light|Dark]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme color variants Default is 'light'

      3.  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme accent color Default is BigSur-like theme

      4.  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme colorscheme style Default is 'standard'

  -d, --dash-to-dock 
   Fixed Dash to Dock theme issue. 

  -r, --remove, --revert 
   Revert to the original themes, do the opposite things of install and connect. 

  --silent-mode 
   Meant for developers: ignore any confirm prompt and params become more strict. 

  -h, --help 
   Show this help. 

```

</details>

## <p align="center"> <b> Other recommended stuff </b> </p>
### <p align="center"> <b> MacTahoe Icon Theme </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme/blob/main/preview.png"/>
</a> </p>
<br>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/download-button.svg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>

### <p align="center"> <b> MacTahoe Wallpapers </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/tree/main/wallpaper">
  <img class="image" src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/blob/main/wallpaper/MacTahoe-day.jpeg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/tree/main/wallpaper">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/download-button.svg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>

## There's more themes you can try!
### <p align="center"> <b> Install and edit Firefox theme </b> </p>

<p align="center"> <a href="src/other/firefox">
<img src="src/other/firefox/preview.png"/>
</a> </p>

#### - [Install Firefox theme](src/other/firefox)
Parameter: `--firefox` `-f`

Example: `./tweaks.sh -f`

#### - Edit Firefox theme
Parameter: `--edit-firefox` `-e`

Example:

```bash
./tweaks.sh -e           # edit the installed Firefox theme
./tweaks.sh -f -r        # remove installed Firefox theme
./tweaks.sh -f monterey  # install Monterey Firefox theme
```

##

### <p align="center"> <b> Install and customize GDM theme </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <img src="gdm-theme.png"/> </p>

#### - Install GDM theme
Parameter: `--gdm` `-g` (requires to be run as root)

Example: `sudo ./tweaks.sh -g`

#### - Change the background
Parameter: `--background` `-b`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b "my picture.jpg" # use the custom background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b default          # use the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b blank            # make it blank
```

#### - Don't darken the background
Parameter: `--nodarken` `-nd`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nd                          # darken the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nd -b "wallpapers/snow.jpg" # darken the custom background
```

#### - Don't blur the background
Parameter: `--noblur` `-nb`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nb                           # don't blur the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nb -b "wallpapers/rocks.jpg" # don't blur the custom background
```

#### - Do more GDM customizations
You can do [the similar customization features in `./install.sh`](#theres-so-many-customizations-you-can-do)
like changing theme color (dark and light variant) and accent, GNOME Shell
'Activities' icon, etc. related to GDM. Run `./tweaks.sh -h` to explore!

##

### <p align="center"> <b> Fix for Flatpak </b> </p>

#### 1. Run command to fix it

```sh
sudo flatpak override --filesystem=xdg-config/gtk-3.0 && sudo flatpak override --filesystem=xdg-config/gtk-4.0
```

If you use flatpak apps, you can run this to fix theme issue

#### 2. Connect MacTahoe theme to Flatpak (gtk 3.0) (Snap not support)

Parameter: `--flatpak` `-F`

Example: `./tweaks.sh -F`

## Technical details and getting involved
Please go read [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info

Commit message:

Add blur my shell fix steps

README.md, after:

<img src="Tahoe.png" alt="Tahoe" align="right" /> MacTahoe GTK Theme
======

A macOS Tahoe like theme for Linux GTK Desktops

Based on WhiteSur GTK Theme:
[https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme](https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme)







### screenshot
<p align="center"> <img src="screenshot01.jpeg"/> </p>

## Donate

If you like my project, you can buy me a coffee, many thanks ❤️ !

<span class="paypal"><a href="https://www.paypal.me/vinceliuice" title="Donate to this project using Paypal"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/webstatic/mktg/Logo/pp-logo-100px.png" alt="PayPal donate button" /></a></span>

# Installation is easy!
<details> <summary> Required dependencies <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

### "Install from source" deps
- sassc
- libglib2.0-dev-bin     `ubuntu 20.04`
- libglib2.0-dev         `ubuntu 18.04` `debian 10.03` `linux mint 19`
- libxml2-utils          `ubuntu 18.04` `debian 10.03` `linux mint 19`
- glib2-devel            `Fedora` `Redhat`

### Misc deps
- imagemagick            `(optional for GDM theme tweak)`
- dialog                 `(optional for installation in dialog mode)`
- optipng                `(optional for asset rendering)`
- inkscape               `(optional for asset rendering)`

Don't worry, MacTahoe installer already provides all of those dependencies.
</details>

<details> <summary> Recommended GNOME Shell extensions <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

- [user-themes](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/19/user-themes/) to enable gnome-shell theme (and not just the application theme)
- [dash-to-dock](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/307/dash-to-dock)
- [blur-my-shell](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/3193/blur-my-shell)

</details>

## Quick install

### Installing from source

1. Run `git clone https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme.git --depth=1`

2. Run `./install.sh` to install the default MacTahoe GTK theme pack.

### Uninstall

- uninstall Gtk themes: `./install.sh -r`
- uninstall GDM theme: `sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -r`
- uninstall Firefox theme: `./tweaks.sh -f -r`
- uninstall Flatpak Gtk themes: `./tweaks.sh -F -r`

## There's so many customizations you can do!
Usage:  `./install.sh [OPTIONS...]`

<details> <summary> Options <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

```bash

OPTIONS:
  -d, --dest DIR
   Set destination directory. Default is '/home/[USER_NAME]/.themes'

  -n, --name NAME
   Set theme name. Default is 'MacTahoe'

  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]
   Set theme opacity variants. Repeatable. Default is all variants

  -c, --color [light|dark]
   Set theme color variants. Repeatable. Default is all variants

  -a, --alt [normal|alt|all]
   Set window control buttons variant. Repeatable. Default is 'normal'

  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey|all]
   Set theme accent color. Repeatable. Default is Tahoe-like theme

  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]
   Set theme colorscheme style. Repeatable. Default is 'standard'

  -b, --blur 
   Install blur verison (more transparent). Blur-my-shell extension required

  -l, --libadwaita 
   Install theme into gtk4.0 config for libadwaita. Default is dark version

  -f, --fixed 
   Install fixed accent color version. Default is adaptive version

  -HD, --highdefinition 
   Set to High Definition size. Default is laptop size

  --shell, --gnomeshell 
   Tweaks for gnome-shell. Options:

     1. -i, -icon [apple|simple|gnome|ubuntu|tux|arch|manjaro|fedora|debian|void|opensuse|popos|mxlinux|zorin|budgie|gentoo]
     Set gnome-shell panel 'Activities' icon. Default is 'standard'

     2. -p, -panelopacity [default|30|45|60|75]
     Set gnome-shell panel transparency. Default is 15%

     3. -h, -panelheight [default|smaller|bigger]
     Set gnome-shell panel height size. Default is 32px

     4. -sf, -smallerfont 
     Set gnome-shell font size to smaller (10pt). Default is 11pt

     5. normal, -normal 
     Set gnome-shell show apps button style to normal. Default is macOS icon

  --round, --roundedmaxwindow 
   Set maximized window to rounded. Default is square

  --darker, --darkercolor 
   Install darker 'MacTahoe' dark themes. 

  --silent-mode 
   Meant for developers: ignore any confirm prompt and params become more strict. 

  -r, --remove, -u, --uninstall 
   Remove all installed MacTahoe themes. 

  -h, --help 
   Show this help. 

```

</details>

## Fix for libadwaita (not perfect)

<details> <summary> Details <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

  Since the release of `Gnome 43.0`, more and more built-in apps use `libadwaita` now, and libadwaita does not support custom themes, which means we cannot change the appearance of app using libadwaita through `gnome-tweaks` or `dconf-editor`. For users who love custom themes, it’s really sucks!

  Anyway if anybody who still want to custom themes we can only do this way:

  that is to use the `theme file` to overwrite the `gtk-4.0 configuration file`. The result is that only Fixed making all gtk4 apps use one theme and cannot be switched (even can not switch to dark mode) If you want to change a theme, you can only re-overwrite the `gtk-4.0 configuration file` with a new theme, I know this method is not perfect, But at the moment it is only possible to continue using themes for libadwaita's apps ...

</details>

Run this command to install `MacTahoe` into `gtk-4.0 configuration folder` ($HOME/.config/gtk-4.0)

```bash
./install.sh -l                # Default is the normal dark theme
./install.sh -l -c light       # install light theme for libadwaita
```

## <p align="center"> <b> Change theme color and accent </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/colors-themes.png"/> </p>

#### - Install theme accent
Parameter: `--theme` `-t` (repeatable)

Example:

```bash
./install.sh -t red            # install red theme accent only
./install.sh -t red -t green   # install red and green theme accents
./install.sh -t all            # install all available theme accents
```

## <p align="center"> <b> Blur my shell version </b> </p>

#### - My blur-my-shell settings

<p align="center"> <img src="blur-my-shell.png"/> </p>


NOTE: If you have issues with blur, then:
1. Make sure you have the correct Blur My Shell settings
2. Disable ALL extensions except for Blur My Shell, Dash-To-Dock and User Themes, and see if it works.
3. If it works, the problem is an incompatibility with one of your other extensions. Enable them one-by-one to see the culprit.
4. If it still doesn't, make sure HDR is disabled. This is a known issue with Blur-My-Shell
5. If you still have problems, open an issue. Do NOT open it in Blur My Shell's repository unless confirmed it's a problem with the extension!

#### - Install blur-my-shell version

[blur-my-shell](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/3193/blur-my-shell)

Parameter: `--blur` `-b` (repeatable)

Example:

```bash
./install.sh -b -l            # install blur verison of libadwaita
```

<p align="center"> <img src="screenshot02.jpeg"/> </p>

## <p align="center"> <b> Explore more customization features! </b> </p>
You can run `./install.sh -h` to explore more customization features we have
like changing panel opacity, theme opacity (normal and solid variant), window
control button variant, etc.

# <p align="center"> <b> Let's tweak! </b> </p>
Usage:  `./tweaks.sh [OPTIONS...]`

<details> <summary> Options <b>(click to open)</b> </summary>

```bash

OPTIONS:
  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme opacity variants. Default is 'normal'

  -c, --color [light|dark]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme color variants. Default is 'light'

  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme accent color. Default is BigSur-like theme

  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]
   Set 'MacTahoe' GDM/Flatpak theme colorscheme style. Default is 'standard'

   
 Tweaks for GDM theme. options

  -g, --gdm    Without options default GDM theme will install... 

      1. -i, -icon [apple|simple|gnome|ubuntu|tux|arch|manjaro|fedora|debian|void|opensuse|popos|mxlinux|zorin|budgie|gentoo]   Set GDM panel 'Activities' icon Default is 'standard'

      2. -b, -background [default|blank|IMAGE_PATH]   Set GDM background image Default is BigSur-like wallpaper

      3. -p, -panelopacity [default|30|45|60|75]   Set GDM panel transparency Default is 15%

      4. -h, -panelheight [default|smaller|bigger]   Set GDM panel height size Default is 32px

      5. -sf, -smallerfont    Set GDM font size to smaller (10pt) Default is 11pt

      6. -nd, -nodarken    Don't darken 'MacTahoe' GDM theme background image 

      7. -nb, -noblur    Don't blur 'MacTahoe' GDM theme background image 

   
 Tweaks for firefox. options

  -f, --firefox         [(monterey|flat)|alt|(darker|adaptive)]   Without options default MacTahoe theme will install...   Options:

      1. monterey       [3+3|3+4|3+5|4+3|4+4|4+5|5+3|5+4|5+5]   Topbar buttons number: 'a+b'   a: left side buttons number, b: right side buttons number

      2. flat           Monterey alt version    Flat round tabs...

      3. alt            Alt windows button version    Alt windows button style like gtk theme

      4. darker         Darker Firefox theme version    Darker Firefox theme version

      5. nord           Nord Firefox colorscheme version    Nord Firefox colorscheme version

      6. adaptive       Adaptive color version   You need install adaptive-tab-bar-colour plugin first   https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/adaptive-tab-bar-colour/

  -e, --edit-firefox [(monterey|flat)|alt|(darker|adaptive)]
   Edit 'MacTahoe' theme for Firefox settings and also connect the theme to the current Firefox profiles. 

   
 Others. options

  -F, --flatpak Support options: [-o, -c, -t...]   Connect 'MacTahoe' theme to Flatpak Without options will only install default themes

      1.  -o, --opacity [normal|solid]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme opacity variants Default is 'normal'

      2.  -c, --color [Light|Dark]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme color variants Default is 'light'

      3.  -t, --theme [default|blue|purple|pink|red|orange|yellow|green|grey]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme accent color Default is BigSur-like theme

      4.  -s, --scheme [standard|nord]   Set 'MacTahoe' flatpak theme colorscheme style Default is 'standard'

  -d, --dash-to-dock 
   Fixed Dash to Dock theme issue. 

  -r, --remove, --revert 
   Revert to the original themes, do the opposite things of install and connect. 

  --silent-mode 
   Meant for developers: ignore any confirm prompt and params become more strict. 

  -h, --help 
   Show this help. 

```

</details>

## <p align="center"> <b> Other recommended stuff </b> </p>
### <p align="center"> <b> MacTahoe Icon Theme </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme/blob/main/preview.png"/>
</a> </p>
<br>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-icon-theme">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/download-button.svg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>

### <p align="center"> <b> MacTahoe Wallpapers </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/tree/main/wallpaper">
  <img class="image" src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/blob/main/wallpaper/MacTahoe-day.jpeg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/vinceliuice/MacTahoe-gtk-theme/tree/main/wallpaper">
  <img src="https://github.com/vinceliuice/WhiteSur-gtk-theme/blob/pictures/pictures/download-button.svg"/>
</a> </p>
<br>

## There's more themes you can try!
### <p align="center"> <b> Install and edit Firefox theme </b> </p>

<p align="center"> <a href="src/other/firefox">
<img src="src/other/firefox/preview.png"/>
</a> </p>

#### - [Install Firefox theme](src/other/firefox)
Parameter: `--firefox` `-f`

Example: `./tweaks.sh -f`

#### - Edit Firefox theme
Parameter: `--edit-firefox` `-e`

Example:

```bash
./tweaks.sh -e           # edit the installed Firefox theme
./tweaks.sh -f -r        # remove installed Firefox theme
./tweaks.sh -f monterey  # install Monterey Firefox theme
```

##

### <p align="center"> <b> Install and customize GDM theme </b> </p>
<p align="center"> <img src="gdm-theme.png"/> </p>

#### - Install GDM theme
Parameter: `--gdm` `-g` (requires to be run as root)

Example: `sudo ./tweaks.sh -g`

#### - Change the background
Parameter: `--background` `-b`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b "my picture.jpg" # use the custom background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b default          # use the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -b blank            # make it blank
```

#### - Don't darken the background
Parameter: `--nodarken` `-nd`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nd                          # darken the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nd -b "wallpapers/snow.jpg" # darken the custom background
```

#### - Don't blur the background
Parameter: `--noblur` `-nb`

Example:

```bash
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nb                           # don't blur the default background
sudo ./tweaks.sh -g -nb -b "wallpapers/rocks.jpg" # don't blur the custom background
```

#### - Do more GDM customizations
You can do [the similar customization features in `./install.sh`](#theres-so-many-customizations-you-can-do)
like changing theme color (dark and light variant) and accent, GNOME Shell
'Activities' icon, etc. related to GDM. Run `./tweaks.sh -h` to explore!

##

### <p align="center"> <b> Fix for Flatpak </b> </p>

#### 1. Run command to fix it

```sh
sudo flatpak override --filesystem=xdg-config/gtk-3.0 && sudo flatpak override --filesystem=xdg-config/gtk-4.0
```

If you use flatpak apps, you can run this to fix theme issue

#### 2. Connect MacTahoe theme to Flatpak (gtk 3.0) (Snap not support)

Parameter: `--flatpak` `-F`

Example: `./tweaks.sh -F`

## Technical details and getting involved
Please go read [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info
